beside Del Piero coming to the league
with someone look forward to playing
against and potentially marking well
coming up to this season Alessandro Del
Piero is my childhood hero someone I
grew up blood loving too much playing
and everybody in my family saw that I
was a player they idolized so can't wait
to come up against him and see what he's
made of I'd say well this year is going
to be del perro
incredible Bailey from to be there and
everyone looked for flying as a diary of
usage because team will play up by a
plan here Dario because he's a close
friend and
I think I have to say that one opponent
on my the most when I played against RT
to be honest the first time I was just
didn't have a defending for me in a
league it a thumbs up yeah look I think
everywhere ponents pretty tough I can't
say there's one that really stands out
for me like I said every time you step
on the pitch and the opposition always
makes it tougher it's always been Marcos
Flores so now I was in our team it's a
likes things a bit easier probably mad
cuz when we used to play play against
Adelaide when he was playing for
Adelaide just he's always so calm on the
ball and just can create something out
of nothing so and that's the type of
player that I want a visa probably when
I was in Argentina want romantic kill me
an amazing mood for well actually part
of my idols and I couldn't believe I was
in the bench and I and I didn't want to
jump in I was just watching clothes I
was so happy to see watching play by
whatever was good doing this really
anyone in particular there's a lot of
play it I'll be lucky enough to play
against a lot of quality opponents and I
think more you just try and take a
little bit to everything
one specific person Samuel it
Boston Schweinsteiger
think his name is continuing as a
Brazilian player
so nice tone are in the plane and when
we I Brazil then
something able
no come back to think about probably
against Olympiakos I think his name's
mireles some ladies playing it evident
now it's actually watching him the other
day so probably the one opponent I
admire most in the a-league would be
brush think he's a great player just
makes the game really simple and is
really enjoyable to watch in a few
probably Robbie Fowler had pleasure to
play with and against Thomas Brosius
it's pretty threatening as well so
there's plenty floating around a bit by
bit probably the first time they link up
play that I used to play with his name's
z-score he now plays at mulligans now
I'm worrying because you know we live
together and he's um he's done something
though the kid young kid can do
you